README.md, before:

# Astro Starter Kit: Minimal

```sh
npm create astro@latest -- --template minimal
```

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```text
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

Commit message:

perf: optimize cache and auto-unregister ghost service workers
- Add cache-control meta tags to Layout.astro to minimize local HTML caching.
- Add an inline script to automatically unregister any active Service Workers from previously deployed projects at the same path.
- Update README with troubleshooting steps for persistent caching.

README.md, after:

# Astro Starter Kit: Minimal

```sh
npm create astro@latest -- --template minimal
```

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```text
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run format`          | Format your code with Prettier                   |
| `npm run format:check`    | Check if code is formatted correctly             |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |

## 🛠 Troubleshooting Cache

If you don't see the latest updates on your browser after a deployment:

1. **Hard Refresh**: Press `Ctrl + F5` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd + Shift + R` (Mac).
2. **Ghost Service Workers**: If updates are still missing, your browser might be running a Service Worker from another project on the same domain. I've added a script to automatically unregister these, but you can also manually clear them in **DevTools** > **Application** > **Storage** > **Clear site data**.

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).
